c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.pdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.AzurePass.apk
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.AzurePass-Signed.apk
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\AzurePass.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\AzurePass.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\AzurePass.pdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\bin\AzurePass.AzurePass.apk
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\AzurePass.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\operezl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.AzurePass.apk
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.AzurePass-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\AzurePass.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\AzurePass.dll
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\AzurePass.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\bin\AzurePass.AzurePass.apk
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\bin\Debug\AzurePass.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\AzurePass.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\AzurePass\AzurePass\AzurePass\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
